I'm just effing saying...
Bigfoot Encounter Seen by Rob of Bigfoot Michigan Rob
My drunken friend admitted he's cheating on his girlfriend with my other friends girlfriend and it's eating me alive
I feel like a loser
Mourning my Friend
Is there REAL JUSTICE?? ACCOUNTABILITY??
I am scared
Is this who I really want to be, Confucius?
I don't love my mother and I feel guilty about it.
I don't know if I want kids anymore... potentially
I broke up with my bf and I feel like hell
I've spent 10K$+ on Skype shows in 6 years and I hate myself for that. Please help me!
Not sure if there's something wrong with my sex drive and if there is, if I should care.
I'm jealous of someone I didn't even saw before
Help The Rainforest Trust with AskReddit's 15th Anniversary Fundraiser!
How rare is it to make very good friends in adulthood (30+)?
Who is the greatest actor alive?
Doctors of Reddit, what was the very first time in your medical career that you felt “shit just got real”?
What do you put in your morning coffee?
If you suddenly woke up in 2050, what’s the first thing you would google?
[Serious]What song changed your life?
What do you think about using "because it works" as a reason in an argument?
What can you do to improve yourself right now?
What’s something that everyone loves but you hate?
If you had a choice of how to die what would it be?
What is the coolest prize you’ve won?
Who’s your favorite stand up comedian?
Garbage men, women & (Garbage people?) of Reddit. What are some ways people dispose of trash that piss you off?
What’s your favorite song right now?
What's a small habit you've developed that has made a big difference in your life?
who are 5 fictional characters that are closest to your heart?
What's the most toxic community/fandom?
What hobby do you desperately wish you could get into?
What if you met the woman of your dreams but it turns out she’s a sex worker, would you marry her?
Which was your first video game ?
Citizens of NATO aligned countries. How do you feel now that Finland has officially joined the alliance?
What has been your worst experience when going through a fast food drive-thru?
What is the most important thing you've learned about money?
people born on a significant date in the year, how does it impact your special day?
What movie or TV show considered bad should people give a second chance to?
You can only have one condiment for the rest of your life; which are you choosing?
What is a fun hobby that you can do solo?
What's the most underrated current technology that may change the future?
How many times have you been at absolute rock bottom and what did that look like?
What is your secret to a good grilled cheese?
What's a lesser-known interesting fact about the ancient world?
How is gerrymandering even legal?
What’s your comfort show?
What will you fight a war for?
What's something you are surprised is still around?
Which cryptids do you believe did or do exist?
What are your experiences with cults or cult like groups?
What's the all time dumbest thing you've spent money on, but loved?
How would you defend an argument stating that microwaves are dangerous?
What would change if everybody was naked all the time?
What's a good song to dedicate to your crush?
What is a piercing you immediately notice on the opposite sex?
What is your very first memory?
What would it take to start your villain origin story?
What were you born to do?
What's a movie or show where you identify with the bad guy and root against the hero?
What year is the golden age for the internet?
What’s is like having a dad?
People who don’t believe the moon landing, why?
What starts to feel better as you get older?
What’s a modern-day poison people willingly consume?
In Which Language does the Dalai Lama writes his books?
What was the weirdest/funniest name for a bluetooth device you've seen?
What is the best movie ending?
